Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Tommy!
Tommy. wait!
All right. Gabby.
- Whoo!
- The party's here!
Come on. come on. I didn't
come here to fucking wait.
Come on. Hey. hey.
hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Come on. my Gabs.
Come on. Just a little one.
- For me? For me?
- No. not for you.
- You know I don't want to.
- All right. More for me.
- No. you're not.
No. you're fucking not.
Hey. Fucking what are we doing?
- Hey!
- I'm not fucking waiting.
All right. geezer.
How's it going? Wait me turn?
- Back the fuck up.
- Oh!
Who's this pedo?
Wait your turn?
- No!
- Oh. shit!
What the fuck?
I'll fucking kill him!
Fuck you!
I wanna dance.
Come on. fucking come on!
- Whoo!
I'll get it then.
Come on. Gabby. Come on.
- I don't want any.
- Stop saying no to me.
I'll do it.
That's more like it.
Good fucking girl.
Gabby!
Where are you going next?
- Oh. fuck off.
- Where are we going now?
Where are we?
Whoa!
Chill your fucking beans.
Whoo-hoo!
Fucking buzzing!
Fucking shitting me?
Get the fuck off him!
- Ow! Don't touch me!
- Fucking slag!
- I will break your fucking arm
if you do that again!
- Fucking hell!
Hey. you getting
a bit jealous. yeah?
Not you getting
a little bit jealous?
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm fucking off.
Hey. you! Hey. you!
- Come home with us.
- No!
- Please.
- I love me a night walk.
- No. you fucking don't!
- Yeah. I fucking do.
- The streets need me.
- The streets fucking need you?
The city is mine.
Will you come back!
- Come on!
- Where are you going?
Have fun with us!
I am the king!
And I'm fucking out!
You all right?
Don't you want to have a look?
- Katrina?
- Yeah.
Nice to meet you.
- Please take a seat.
- Thanks.
Well. thank you
for agreeing to meet me.
It's nice to meet you. yeah.
Um... do you mind
if I ask you a few questions?
Of course.
Do you have any children?
No. No.
Uh. do you have any...
distinguishing marks?
I don't understand.
Distinguishing marks.
Uh. moles. missing teeth.
- Any tattoos. any deformities?
- No. nothing like that.
Finally. do you smoke?
- No.
- Wonderful.
It's important we hire someone
without any...
- addictions.
- I don't have any addictions.
That's fantastic.
Everything seems legal
and above board.
If you wouldn't mind
just signing here.
Yes. Princess?
Okay. um...
Yeah. I'm sorry. Don't worry.
I'll ta... I'll take care of it.
Ms. Rina!
Good morning.
No. we...
we said eleven o'clock!
- Uh. yeah.
- It's 10:22.
I caught an earlier bus.
You know. the sooner I start.
the sooner I finish.
Yeah. but eleven o'clock
means eleven o'clock.
Sorry. I won't do it again.
- So. what. you caught the bus?
- Yeah. I didn't realize
how far out you are
from the city.
Well. that's why
I gave you the map!
Oh. never mind. Never mind.
Please. follow me. Follow me.
Raise your hands. please.
- May I?
- Yeah.
- Uh. could you empty
your pockets. please?
- Yeah. of course.
Thank you.
Good. Okay.
Ah. no. We don't
use phones in the house.
So...
You can put everything else
back in your pocket.
Mm.
Your job profile online stated
that you were prepared
to perform non-standard tasks.
Oh. no. Please.
Please don't look worried.
That's not what I was thinking.
- Oh.
- I had something else in mind.
But I can refuse?
It would mean the end
of our collaboration.
Uh. confidentiality agreement.
however. would still be binding.
whether you choose
to work for us or not.
I made you some ginger.
Kathryn. this is Ms. Rina.
Hopefully. she's going
to help us out around the house.
Good morning.
Uh...
let me show you the rest.
This room is Kathryn's
pride and joy.
We have a lot
of Shakespeare here.
Rare editions. mostly inherited.
We moved up north
after Kathryn's father passed.
It's much more spacious
than our other house.
London has changed.
Have you ever been to London?
- Mm-mm. No.
- You're not missing much.
This is my son.
Hi. I'm Jonathan.
I'm ten. and I like Disney films
and football!
Hi. I'm Katrina.
- You can call me Rina.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
- Shall we?
- Yeah.
Yay!
And this is our bedroom.
Kathryn's in there
at the moment.
so we won't disturb her.
Uh. it's crucial
that all objects
remain in their place.
My wife hates it
when things are out of order.
And she'll. uh. well...
She'll only
take it out on me.
Can I come with you?
I'm just going to show
Rina the cellar.
I really appreciate
you not screaming.
as there really is
no cause for concern.
He's just a bit sick
and we're gonna make him better.
I can assure you.
no one ever has.
nor ever will be harmed
in this house.
Ms. Rina. look. I checked
the status of your visa.
I ran a background check on you.
I can see you've had
a really rough start here.
- I don't know what you mean.
- I mean.
especially
with your removal order.
That is being reconsidered.
I'm sure it is.
But with your past.
it might not be so easy
for a girl from Macedonia.
Listen.
I'm not judgmental.
And I'm sure you...
you didn't have much of a choice
doing what you were doing.
Would you like me to
have a word with my friend
at the Home Office?
No. No. please don't.
I'm sorting it out.
Very well.
There'll be no outside
cleaning products
brought into the house.
The products we use
are eco-friendly.
non-toxic. chemical free.
We are a zero-waste household.
We take this very seriously.
Please. take off your jacket.
And when you do
clean the cellar.
please remember
not to take to heart
anything Tommy may say to you
in a state of stress.
And if you do feel threatened.
please don't hesitate
to use these items.
Safety off.
Safety on.
As for the spray.
that's pretty obvious. really.
Just mind your own eyes.
Oh. don't be scared.
I promise you.
You'll not be harmed
in this house.
Hey!
Who the fuck are you?
Listen. listen.
come here! Undo me! All right?
Please. I feel dead sick.
Just come here and undo me.
Oi! Oi! What are you? Deaf?
Don't fucking ignore me!
Look at me.
Just come and help me out.
Quickly. before they come back.
Just come and undo it.
Please. quickly.
while they're away.
No. no. no! Fuck!
Miss Rina? Miss Rina? Is...
Sorry. Did everything
go all right?
Yeah. I only went down there to.
you know. put on the washing.
Look. I know
it may look unconventional.
but believe me. um. we won't be
keeping him there for long.
Tommy's going through
a rebellious phase.
you understand?
Everywhere is lovely
and clean. Really.
Thank you.
You've done a really lovely job.
Um. so. I think
that's it for today.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Good. good.
I'll see you on Thursday.
Two days a week?
Like in the contract?
- Yeah.
- Yes?
- Yes. Uh. Thursday. Great.
- Thank you.
Studies have shown
classical music
can improve memory
and reduce stress
- to overall
mental well-being...
...and even improve children's
performance in school.
Knock. knock.
- Who's there?
- Ida.
- Ida who?
- Ida like to be your friend.
Sunshine made the pizza.
You have
to eat something. Tommy.
so you might as well eat this.
That wasn't very nice.
I'm gonna fuck you up so badly
when I get out of here.
Just watch.
I'm gonna fucking twat you.
I swear down. I'm gonna
fucking rip off your skull.
and then I'm gonna
stab you in the dick.
Did... did he like
the pizza. Dad?
Yes. Yes. he loved it.
What have you done?
I have everything under control.
What the fuck
did you electrocute me for?
It was self-defense. Tommy.
We're watching porn
together now?
Let's relive some
of your greatest hits. shall we?
Here we fucking go!
No way!
Oh. my days!
Oh. this is so jokes!
I got so many views on this one.
you know.
Tell me that's not
the sickest thing you ever saw.
Look at that!
No! No! Yes!
Fucking mad lad! Go on. you...
Absolute scenes. mate!
Look at me.
Criminal damage.
Driving under the influence.
Taking without
the owner's consent.
Reckless endangerment.
And do you think
all of this is funny?
Did I fucking stutter?
Come on! That's pretty sick.
Don't even lie.
Yes. you're right.
Yes. it is sick.
I should have been
a fucking movie star.
This is not a movie. Tommy.
This is real life.
Did you know that
over 3.551 accidents
happen each year
due to drunk-driving-related
incidents in the UK alone?
Wow. man. you really are
one talented motherfucker.
There are 11 cases of deaths...
Just keep watching.
And please.
don't use the M-word.
Shockingly. one in 20
fatal crashes in the UK
is attributed to drunk driving.
So. stay safe.
Chapter Two.
When you feel anger
or aggression rising.
take a moment to pause
before responding.
A few deep breaths
or counting to ten
can help you regain control
and prevent an impulsive.
aggressive reaction.
Practice compassionate
communication...
...using language
that promotes understanding
- rather than division.
- No!
- What the...
- When frustrated.
try to frame your thoughts
in a way
that fosters connection.
Princess.
would you pop down with me
to see him?
Our first lecture
went really well.
but I'm sure he'd benefit
from seeing someone
other than just myself.
It'll do you good.
I promise.
Tommy.
Tommy. what happened
to your toilet?
What have you done. Tommy?
Kathryn! Go upstairs. please!
Princess. go upstairs!
I'm really sorry about that.
That was my fault.
That was too soon.
Can I run you a bath?
I promise.
I'll take care of this.
- Dad?
- Yes. Sunshine?
- It... It doesn't matter.
- No. it does matter.
Go on.
What were you going to say?
Do... Do you think Charlie
would mind if I read his comics?
I think he'll be fine with that.
But just...
don't tell your mother. okay?
It'll be our little secret.
Thank you.
Oh. awesome.
You're moving in with me?
You pedo!
You got everything in there?
Pajamas. toothbrush. lubricants?
I don't appreciate
the way you've violated my wife.
Violated? Are you mad?
- You owe her an apology.
- Do I fuck.
You two should be
apologizing to me.
I'm the bloody victim here.
That's the problem
with your generation.
You always tend to gravitate
towards some kind of victimhood.
I'm gonna fucking obliterate you
the second I get out of here!
I swear down!
You're already dead. you scum!
I'm gonna fucking
rip off your skull.
I'm gonna fucking rip off
your wife's skull
and make your son
fucking watch it.
Your weird. little.
fucking ugly son.
Fucking nonce!
I'm gonna grab
that fucking slag
of a wife of yours.
I'm gonna fucking chop
her head off
and fucking cut her into pieces.
and fucking feed her to you.
you scumbag. fucking cunt!
I absolutely hate
every single...
Ow! Ow. what the fuck?
The fuck? Fuck.
Bad boy!
Bad boy! Bad boy!
Bad boy! Bad boy! Bad boy!
Bad boy!
Dad?
Is everything okay?
Everything's fine. Sunshine.
Nothing for you to worry about.
I've done my algebra
and... and my geography.
Do you think
I could play with Tommy soon?
- Absolutely.
- We don't have to play.
Maybe we could watch
a film with him.
I... I think
that's a wonderful idea.
But maybe not just yet.
Have I done
something wrong. Daddy?
Look who's back.
I get it. Keep doing your thing.
You clearly don't have a problem
working in fucking Guantanamo.
- I can't help you.
- Fucking knew you were foreign!
I could tell just from looking
at your ugly face.
You fucking bitch!
Go back to your own country.
you leech!
Piece of shit.
Ms. Rina.
is Tommy
being unpleasant to you?
Broke my heart
when I had to discipline you.
But you didn't give me a choice.
The way you behave
is completely unacceptable.
We treat each other
with respect in this house.
Now. you owe Ms. Rina
an apology.
You're a fucking
sick bastard. you.
I'm sorry. No! No. no. no.
I'm sorry. okay?
- I didn't mean it.
- Not to me.
Well?
I won't do it again.
There. See?
Wasn't so difficult. was it?
- Is that all?
- Yes. Ms. Rina.
thank you very much.
I brought you some painkillers.
And Sunshine has prepared
a little surprise for you.
Tommy...
we're not psychopaths.
That should do.
Oh. a movie. Awesome.
What are we gonna watch?
Me shitting the bed
when I was four?
Something a bit more glorious.
The Guns of Navarone.
War classic.
A story of courage
and friendship against all odds.
Actually. do you mind
if we watch something else?
And what would that be?
Kes maybe?
It's Charlie's favorite film.
You're the programmer today.
Sunshine.
I think
that's a wonderful choice.
Come on. Kes!
Kes!
This is the best part. Come sit.
Well done. Casper.
The most exciting thing
I've ever seen in my life.
Great.
Thrill of a lifetime. lad.
Let's have a look.
Isn't it beautifully marked?
Think I've had enough.
Take me down.
Pause.
Did you like it?
As if I weren't depressed enough
living in a dungeon.
Now. can I get some sleep?
Of all the films
he could have chosen...
I guess it just always
reminds me of him.
I know.
I'm so sorry.
I dreamt about him
again last night.
He was walking through the gate.
up the driveway.
and he was coming up
to visit us.
and he looked so healthy.
So happy.
My Sparkle...
Cocaine is a powerful
and dangerous drug.
It may offer
a brief sense of euphoria.
but the consequences are severe.
Damaged health. broken families.
and lost futures.
It attacks the body
and clouds the mind.
Be smart. Stay away from cocaine
and stick
to safe. healthy choices.
Lesson number four.
Don't let fear
to take hold.
Fear always brings
self-destruction.
Let go of fear.
Everything
that surrounds you
is filled with love and trust.
You are not alone. You are safe.
Open your mind
and invite progress.
Progress is impossible
without change.
And those who cannot change
their minds
cannot change anything.
The secret of change
is to focus all of your energy.
not on fighting the old.
but on building the new.
I would like to apologize
for what I did to you.
I did not behave
in the way I should have.
And for that I want
to apologize and say sorry.
I am very ashamed of myself
and I will not...
I promise not to do it again.
I hope you can find it
in your heart to forgive me.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to throw
piss at people. you know.
Yes. Tommy. I know.
Apology accepted.
I'm so proud of you. Tommy.
This isn't easy for all of us.
you know.
But now I'm more hopeful
that you appreciate
what it is we're trying
to do for you.
For fuck's sake! What now?
I noticed that you were
squinting during the film.
No. I can see fine.
Indulge me.
Whatever.
It's the same.
Fuck me!
This shit's HD!
As if!
I can see everything
well better.
I am glad.
Thanks... Kathryn.
Go on.
Here we go!
What's your point?
Like. I don't get it.
Let me ask both of you.
What do you think
my probation officer is gonna do
when she realizes
I haven't checked in with her?
They're... they're gonna start
looking for me. you know.
Tommy.
do you really think
I didn't run
a background check on you?
- What's that supposed to mean?
- There's no probation officer.
You've managed to get away
with all your shenanigans.
It's quite impressive. really.
How you've managed
to aimlessly float
through your whole life.
completely unnoticed.
It should be long enough now
that you can use the bathroom.
First things first.
- Thank fuck for that.
- Why did you do that?
You try listening to that
for a while.
and see
if your head won't explode.
It's the calming sounds
of nature.
I thought
you might find it peaceful.
I've brought you some clothes.
And this.
So you don't get horribly bored.
I don't read.
Well. this is usually read
by 16-year-olds.
so I didn't think it would be
too difficult for you.
It's not gonna be
very difficult for me.
I'm not fucking thick.
Who reads books?
What's it even about?
Some bloke with a tattoo?
Yes. Like you.
- May I help you?
- Hi. Parcel for you.
Your signature.
Heavy.
I should close the gate.
Sure.
- Bye. Have a nice day.
- Thank you.
Good boy. Tommy.
Good boy.
Sunshine...
You must never open the gate.
- I was just trying to...
- It's all right. Never.
My darling.
I'm sorry.
Chris.
I found these
in Jonathan's pocket
in the washing basket.
I thought
I'd cleared everything out.
I'm so sorry.
Were you reading
Charlie's comics?
Yeah.
You were supposed
to leave them downstairs.
It was meant to be
our little secret.
They're just comics. Dad.
What did you want?
I just wanted to see
if everything was okay.
You know. you. uh...
feeling stressed out?
No. Not really.
No? So...
Why have you started smoking?
Dad. I... I just found them.
So you've just been
carrying them around?
Is that right?
Yeah.
So why are you
getting upset?
Because I...
I also smoked one.
but I won't do it again.
Can I share something
with you?
When I was just a little bit
older than you.
I tried a cigarette.
But the most important thing
is that you didn't like it.
and you won't do it again.
Is that right?
Good boy.
Daddy isn't finished yet.
You know
what the problem is. Sunshine?
You looked Daddy in the eyes
and you lied to him.
There's no punishment
for the truth.
But there was no truth here
at first.
So what has to happen?
Punishment?
No. My... my... my throat.
Never mind. my darling.
Keep smoking.
Dad...
I can't breathe.
- Carry on.
- Please...
Jonathan.
Destroy what destroys you.
We love you very much.
You all right?
Can I have a cig?
I don't smoke.
I know a smoker when I see one.
Listen.
I'm being serious now. okay?
I'm sorry about what happened.
You're just as fucked as I am.
I get that now.
I didn't mean
to be such a dickhead.
Chris told me to give you
some more toilet paper.
Remind me before I go.
How about some chewing gum?
Legend!
Hey.
Whereabouts is this place?
I'm not asking for the address.
Just more or less.
Don't I have a right
to know where I am?
Dad.
Can I have some help?
Not just yet. Sunshine.
I have to help Tommy first.
- Afternoon.
- Afternoon. Constable.
- I beg your pardon?
- Stop fucking around.
You're not even
trying to hide it.
You can only stink more
of a copper
if you read me my rights.
Did you get bored giving people
speeding tickets
and decided
to start torturing 'em?
Torturing people
sounds rather bold
coming from someone
with a record like yours
wouldn't you say?
I've never nabbed
some random kid off the street.
tied them up in a basement.
and abused them.
Don't be putting me
in your category.
I appreciate that.
Level with me a minute. Please!
If you let me go now.
I swear down.
I won't tell anyone nothing!
I'm not a snitch.
I won't hurt you.
I'll leave you alone.
and walk away
and forget any of this
ever happened.
Please!
I swear down. I'm not joking!
My parents. my family. my mates.
they're all probably dying
of worry.
And they'll comb through
every fucking inch to find me.
- Everything will be fine.
- No. It's not.
I'm chained
in a fucking basement.
Everything isn't gonna be fine.
Christopher.
you fucking dickhead!
Relax. Tommy. please.
We have a lot of time
to start liking each other.
You're both not right
in the head.
Yeah. who's this little lad?
Who's this little mate here?
Yo. what you saying?
You all right. son?
- Yeah. I'm good.
No. I'm all right.
You a bit lost?
You look like you're shaking.
Here. Do us a favor.
Can you give us the time?
- What?
- Give us the time. son.
Get your fucking phone out.
Let me have a look.
Get your fucking phone out
and let me have a fucking look.
- I'm in a hurry.
- You don't look like
you're in a fucking hurry.
Do you know
who you're fucking talking to?
Get your fucking arms out.
Put your fucking hands
right there.
Here. hold his fucking arm.
No fucking way.
You gotta be
fucking joking me!
Me fucking nan's got
a better one than that.
You fucking little weirdo.
- Oh!
- Oh. shit!
No! No! No! Oh. he's crying.
Is he crying? Is he crying?
You looking for mummy?
You looking for fucking mummy?
Look at me!
Fucking look at me
when I'm talking to you.
You're on your own.
No one's coming.
No one's coming to save you now.
You're scared. aren't you?
You're all on your fucking own.
I think I've had enough.
Cheer up! Come on now. cheer up.
He's fucking scared.
A plus B squared
equals A squared plus 2AB.
equals 2AB squared.
Yeah. Do you understand?
Do you understand?
Well. you're not stupid
because you've answered
all the other questions correct.
So you're not stupid.
So don't pretend to be stupid.
- and listen to me.
- I...
A squared plus B squared
equals A squared...
Chris.
Let me take over.
Do you not have
something else to do?
Would you like anything else?
It'd be nice to sit at a table
like a normal person.
Not like a dog.
Do you know what I mean?
You read it?
Many years ago.
Some of the words
in here. man...
The fuck does
"in-tri-cate" mean?
Intricate.
Give me the full sentence.
"It was a riot of rockets.
and fountains. and people.
in such intricate detail
and color
that you could hear
the voices murmuring.
small and muted from the crowds
that inhabited his body."
Okay.
So. from that description.
you could say that the tattoos
were detailed.
- Yeah.
- So...
"Intricate" must mean really...
- Detailed?
- Good.
See? You're not
so stupid after all. are you?
Not just a pretty face.
Here. if I read your book.
will you hook me up
with the footie scores?
And the league table in general?
It's dead weird not knowing
what's going on.
I'll tell you what.
I'll go one better.
For every book you read.
I'll buy you a beer.
A beer?
A non-alcoholic beer.
Kathryn.
The language
is still a problem. but...
at least he's reading.
I think it's time.
Give us a sec!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday. dear Tommy ♪
Wow.
Blow out the candles
and... and make a wish.
But...
but don't say it out loud.
Yay!
Jonathan baked
all day yesterday.
How is it?
Fucking spot on!
Oh. I mean. it's very good.
Well. we were all wondering
what we might do
to celebrate your birthday.
and we came up
with a brilliant idea.
And we guarantee
that you'll be delighted.
Cool.
We just have to do
one little thing first.
What's that?
Are you fucking joking?
Me head fucking wrecks
after that. Can you not?
Oh. no. no. We... we promise
that you won't regret it.
Will he?
La! Look! He's awake.
Where are we?
Well. we decided
your birthday was too important
to be spent indoors.
- Huh.
- Do you like steak?
Yeah.
So. I was once seeing this...
Fuck me.
- Tommy...
- That's good!
- Language.
- Sorry.
So. I was once seeing this gal.
Boy. was she freaky.
Every time I clapped her cheeks.
- I always used to...
- Sorry. What does
"clapping cheeks" mean?
I'll tell you later.
After I was finished.
- I always used to get a bit...
- Tommy.
Your hair's grown such a lot.
Would you like me to cut it?
- No. I like it as it is.
- Me too.
You're a very
good looking fellow.
It's a bit shit. this one.
I can't stand Austen.
Why you making me read it?
I think I just wanted to see
how far you'd get.
Here you are. Johnny.
I'll give you a game.
- Bat's just there.
- All right.
You okay with losing?
Okay with losing? Hit me!
Whoa! Whoa-hoo-hoo!
Now we're talking. Oh. no!
Ah. Come on.
you gotta do better than that.
Oh. come on!
That was over my head.
I couldn't reach that.
Whoo-hoo!
You understand
we have to go back
the way we came.
don't you. Tommy?
Yeah.
Shame to be going back.
All right.
Hit me with the chloro.
Smells wonderfully
sweet. doesn't it?
You're awake.
Please. follow me.
There'll be two sections
which will almost
provide you access
to the entire house.
First section
will provide you access
from your bedroom to the toilet.
The second section.
which I'm still working on.
will give you access
to the downstairs.
The locks
are there
for everybody's safety.
Do you like it?
Yeah.
It's great.
But. I am still on a lead.
aren't I?
Please don't see it
as a sign of...
distrust.
Look at it the other way.
As a sign of our trust in you
and the progress you've made.
Yesterday.
you were in the cellar
and now you can roam
around the house.
Besides.
trust isn't black and white.
Trust is... It's a process.
And it has to be built.
We really are so happy
with the wonderful guy
you're turning out to be. Tommy.
Really. you make us so proud.
So proud that I gave you
my special bell.
Which I hope you like.
Okay. let's see.
Yeah. same size. Yep.
Okay. Yep. thank you.
So. once I remove the lock.
it gives you total access
to the whole of the downstairs.
Which means you can now. uh.
sit at the... the dining table
and eat your dinner.
like you said.
Remember. you said you wanted
to be able to sit at the table.
Remember?
Also. you now have access
to the living room.
where we can. uh...
Well. you can... you can sit.
and play games. and read books.
And we can...
we can watch films...
like a proper family.
Yeah?
Look at this.
Whoo-hoo!
Jonathan. come here.
- Ready?
- Ready!
Here we go. Yeah!
- It works.
- Do you like it?
Yeah. It's wicked.
Ah. nearly.
- Johnny boy?
- Yeah?
Whose are these?
They've always been there.
We bought it second-hand.
This room used to belong
to someone. didn't it?
Yes.
Who?
Sunshine?
Okay.
I'll be back after my bath.
Rina.
You're a bit out of sorts today.
aren't you?
Like. more than usual.
You know.
I'd beat the shit out of anyone
making you feel this miserable.
I'd do that for you.
They'd just have to come here
to fight me. wouldn't they?
Mm. Thank you.
I have to keep this information
in mind. you know?
I fancy some telly time.
- Can you let me through?
- I'm afraid I can't.
Ah. don't worry about that.
I'll leave you to it.
I can punch it in
if you just tell me the...
Uh... but I... I don't remember.
Come on. It's only four digits.
Really. I don't know.
Oh. I see.
You just want to keep me up here
with you. don't you?
I don't know.
Sorry.
Can you touch the books?
And the couch?
A bit tight.
Let's see.
Seven. eight inches extension.
- Chris.
- Yeah?
I've been thinking.
Oh. careful.
We'll all be in trouble.
Do you ever do
anything together?
What you mean?
We do lots of stuff together.
Yeah. but like...
husband and wife.
You're obviously
a bit under the thumb.
Don't you wanna mix it up a bit?
It's none of your business.
Well. I was only asking.
Yeah. well. just don't.
I'm gonna make some tea.
- Would you like a cup?
- Nah. you're all right.
- Shit.
- Rina?
It's six o'clock.
You're usually ready and running
out of the door by now.
Yeah. sorry.
Jonathan.
just turn down the music.
Could you go upstairs.
my darling. to your room?
Why? But I... I'm...
I'm playing chess with Dad.
Do what your mum says. Johnny.
Fine.
Thank you.
Rina. come and sit down.
What's wrong? What's going on?
I think I am...
I'm being watched.
- Followed.
- By whom?
Some man. I...
I don't know exactly.
I think they work for the person
who used to employ me. and...
I think they've found me again.
I mean. you can't come
back and forth here on your own.
What can I do? What can I do?
I don't want to disappear.
you know?
Well. you can move in here.
It's only temporary.
You can move in
until we know that you're safe.
The only thing
is that there's...
The only space that we have
right now is in the cellar.
and that's not really suitable.
Are you joking?
No. I... I couldn't. I couldn't.
Oh. I won't take no
for an answer. Rina.
She really doesn't.
I can tell ya.
Uh. there's a shelter
I can go to in town.
No. No.
They helped me move.
You don't need charity
when you have family.
We're your family.
It's really like an upmarket
Travelodge down there.
Just avoid sniffing anything
they put near your nose.
Tommy.
Stay with us.
- I...
- What you doing here?
You got
your own shower downstairs.
Yeah. but. uh.
there is no hot water. you know.
Hey! Hey.
My eyes are up here.
Are they though?
Sweet fucking dreams.
It's okay.
I'll go.
- Oh!
- Tommy!
Oh.
Uh. use the bathroom
for that kind of thing.
Maybe run the water
at the same time.
Your suggestion got me thinking.
Maybe I should be
more romantic with Kathryn.
I've had an idea.
but I'll need help
from you and Miss Rina.
All right.
Thank you.
Rina?
Let me take it.
- Here you go.
- Look at that.
It's like toxic waste.
What do you think?
Tastes like toxic waste.
Kathryn.
there's something
I wanted to talk to you about.
Would you come with me
for a second?
Absolutely.
They're all off their face
in that place. right?
Yes.
- Getting absolutely fucked.
- That's right.
And they're so fucked up.
they don't worry about now.
'Cause if you're off your head
all the time.
why do anything about it?
Do you know what I mean?
Perhaps that's one
of the questions
that Huxley pose in the book.
Which is better?
Blissful stupor.
or dealing with...
sober reality?
Yeah.
I get it.
Drugs are a form
of escapism. Tommy.
From people's problems.
and also from...
everything that's important
in life.
And not just from things.
From people.
People can run away from people.
even those
who love them very much.
And it can hurt.
Life's shit sometimes
so you have to though.
It's your only chance to...
get out your head.
A holiday.
You're reading
To Kill a Mockingbird.
Yeah.
I was actually supposed
to read that at school.
but I never got around to it.
You were just too busy
causing trouble.
- You know how it is.
- I don't.
We can talk about that one
if you like.
I haven't finished it yet.
♪ They asked me how... ♪
- Nice work.
- Yeah.
Could be me and you
if you're lucky.
Don't laugh at me.
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ I of course replied ♪
♪ "Something deep inside
Cannot be denied" ♪
Thank you.
♪ They said
"Someday. you'll find ♪
♪ All who love are blind ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ When your heart's on fire ♪
♪ You must realize..." ♪
Rina. Rina.
you've gotta help me. all right?
Just... You see that?
You see that kitchen drawer
where they keep lots of forks
and shit?
Get me something long and thin.
Quickly. please.
Before Jonathan comes back.
I can't. You know that.
I should report you for this
to Chris.
But you're not a snitch.
are you?
Please.
♪ Yet today
My love has flown away ♪
♪ I am without my love ♪
♪ Without my love ♪
♪ Now. laughing friends deride ♪
♪ Tears I cannot hide ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh... ♪
♪ Smoke gets in your eyes ♪
Shit!
A lot of running around today.
- How's it going?
- Amazingly.
Mum's really pleased. and I...
I don't think I've seen Dad
this happy in a long time. so...
Thank you. Tommy. for.
you know. telling Dad to do it.
I'm happy for him too.
Now. come on.
Let's give 'em some privacy.
Come on.
- Knock. knock.
- Come in.
You're supposed to say.
"Who's there?"
Brought you some... some cookies
and some hot chocolate.
Sound. Thanks.
Ooh!
You know...
I'll never forget
what you've done.
I haven't seen
Kathryn that happy for years.
I might even
get me leg over.
- Thank you.
- Don't thank me.
Thank yourself.
You did all of this for her.
Yeah.
Why me?
- What do you mean?
- Why did you take me?
I know someone else
used to live here.
I know you kept another guy
chained up here before me.
Never kept anyone here.
No one else was chained up.
What did you do to him?
You don't know
what you're talking about.
Oh!
Oh.
Right. come on.
Round these up. Right.
Show me a card trick.
Go on. impress me.
Excuse me?
- Go. Go!
- Rina!
- Get up!
- What?
- What's happening?
- Get up! Get up! Go!
- What?
Hey! Who the fuck are you?
Get out of my house! Get out!
Get out of our house!
Kathryn. I'm so sorry.
These are my family.
I'm so sorry.
I think I have to go
get my things packed up.
No! Fuck no!
- You're not going anywhere.
- You can't.
I'm here to take my lump.
4-2-0-1.
- Get off her! Get off!
- Get the fuck off her!
Get off him!
- No! Stop it! Tommy!
- Tommy!
- Get off him!
Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
I lost Rina.
Psst.
Sunshine. Come on.
It's time for bed.
Goodnight. Tommy.
How are you feeling?
I'm so proud of you. son.
You behaved like a real man.
You protected this family today.
You.
And I'll never forget that.
Thank you.
And don't you worry.
I promise.
it'll never happen again.
First thing tomorrow morning.
I'll get us the best
home security system
money can buy.
CCTV cameras.
we'll get motion sensors.
bars.
You can help me.
We'll do it together.
Like father and son.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Good lad.
Four. two. zero. one.
Tommy. what are you doing?
Tommy. stop. I have the keys!
Tommy. please.
Come on.
You're gonna wake Jonathan!
Fuck.
Tommy!
Tommy. look. Tommy.
Look. you've been...
you've been doing so well.
We're all very proud of you.
Just... just...
Just give me the gun.
son. please.
Jonathan's just fallen asleep.
So. you'd better be very.
very quiet...
otherwise one of you is going to
have to sing to him again
because I'm not going to.
Kathryn. please stay back.
Please. Kathryn. Stay back.
You don't want to leave.
But you're not my family.
This isn't real.
You kept me chained
in a fucking basement.
I've been hanging
from your fucking ceiling.
You beat me up.
You've used me
like a fucking puppet.
I am my own man.
I'm not some dog
you can just take in.
I'm a real fucking person.
My darling. let's talk
about this in the morning.
Tonight you can sleep
without your chain.
I want to leave.
- Do you want a television?
- No! I want to go home!
I want to fucking live!
- What about Jonathan?
- Don't do that!
Do you know how fucked you are?
He's actually a decent kid.
and you're gonna
fucking ruin his head.
just like you did the other one.
- Hey.
- Go to your room.
Go to your room. Sparkle.
You don't get it.
It's not my room.
It's his room.
And I don't know
what the fuck you did to him...
but I'm never gonna be him.
Princess.
It's over.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
We have to let him go.
Remember what happened
last time?
No!
Kathryn. no! Please!
No.
Tommy...
In your original statement
from the hospital.
you said that you were taken
by some family.
It says here that you were
a replacement for their son.
Oh. I was off me face
at the hospital
- on all the drugs they gave me.
- Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. I'm still coming.
I made that shit up.
All right. so...
So. where have you been
all this time then. Tommy?
Out and about. innit?
Out and about
for a couple of months?
Look. I... I...
needed to be
on me own for a bit.
sort myself out. you know?
Stay out of trouble.
Bit of freedom.
Were you with anyone else?
Uh. a mate.
All right.
can I get a name for this mate?
Jonathan.
He's like a brother to me.
We go way back.
Right.
And where is he now?
Minding his own business.
Just doing his own shit.
I suppose.
Are you sure you don't want
anything to drink?
No.
Uh. I think I'm done here.
I'll close down
the missing person's report.
You didn't have to report me.
Did you report him too?
Uh... Well.
I definitely text you
a couple of times.
but there was no answer. so I...
Who was it then?
The file says it was
a Gabby Tate who reported it.
Is she your girlfriend?
Just a mate.
Well. very lucky boy. Tommy.
You know. most people
that get reported missing.
we end up
fishing them out the river.
Yeah.
Lucky me.
Thank you.
You all right. Gabs?
Where are we going?
You'll see.
I'll drive.
All right.
Put that on.
The truth is.
I wish I could disappear. Tommy.
Do you trust me?
Yeah.
It smells dead sweet. don't it?
Mm-hmm.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today